[ADD] sales: crm lead enrichment (#8839)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/crm/optimize/lead_enrichment.rst

===============
Lead enrichment
===============

> Lead enrichment is available for existing leads in an Odoo database. Lead enrichment is an In-App
> Purchase (IAP) and requires credits to use. The service provides business information for a contact
> attached to a lead. This can include, general information about the business (including full
> business name and logo), social media accounts, :guilabel:`Company type`, :guilabel:`Founded`
> information, :guilabel:`Sectors` information, the number of :guilabel:`Employees`,
> :guilabel:`Estimated revenue`, :guilabel:`Phone` number, :guilabel:`Timezone`, and
> :guilabel:`Technologies Used`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lead enrichment is a service that provides business information for a contact attached to a lead. Lead enrichment is an In-App Purchase (IAP) that requires credits to use, and is available for existing leads in an Odoo database.

The information provided by lead enrichment can include general information about the business (including full
business name and logo), social media accounts, :guilabel:`Company type`, :guilabel:`Founded`
information, :guilabel:`Sectors` information, the number of :guilabel:`Employees`,
:guilabel:`Estimated revenue`, :guilabel:`Phone` number, :guilabel:`Timezone`, and
:guilabel:`Technologies Used`.
```
Optional - rewording and breakup of intro paragraph

.. note::
   Enterprise Odoo users with a valid subscription get free credits to test :abbr:`IAP (In-App
   Purchase)` features before deciding to purchase more credits for the database. This includes
   demo/training databases, educational databases, and one-app-free databases.

Set up lead enrichment
======================

> To set up lead enrichment in the *CRM* application navigate to :menuselection:`CRM --> Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up lead enrichment in the *CRM* application, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration
```

> --> Settings`. Under the :guilabel:`Lead Generation` section, activate :guilabel:`Lead Enrichment`.
> To activate :guilabel:`Lead Enrichment` tick the box next to :guilabel:`Lead Enrichment`, and select

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--> Settings`. Under the :guilabel:`Lead Generation` section, tick the box next to :guilabel:`Lead Enrichment`, and select
```

either :guilabel:`Enrich leads on demand only` or :guilabel:`Enrich all leads automatically`.
:guilabel:`Save` the changes.

.. image:: lead_enrichment/lead-enrichment-activate.png
   :align: center
   :alt: CRM lead generation settings page, with lead enrichment activation highlighted, and enrich
         leads on demand only chosen.

Enrich leads
============

Enrichment of leads is based on the domain of the email address of the customer set on the lead.
There are two different ways that a lead can be enriched: *automatically* and *manually*.

Automatically enrich leads
--------------------------

During set up, if :guilabel:`Enrich all leads automatically` was selected, then no action needs to
be taken by the user to enrich the lead. A scheduled action runs automatically, every sixty minutes,
and enrichment occurs on leads, after a remote database is contacted.

.. tip::

>    To access the cron that runs for the automatic lead enrichment, navigate, in :ref:`developer mode
>    <developer-mode>`, to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Technical menu --> Automation -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To access the cron that runs for the automatic lead enrichment, activate :ref:`developer mode
   <developer-mode>`, and navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Technical menu --> Automation -->
```

   Scheduled Actions`. In the :guilabel:`Search...` type in `partner autocomplete`. Click into the
   result labeled :guilabel:`Partner Autocomplete Sync with remote DB`, and make any necessary

>    adjustments. For the :guilabel:`Execute Every` field enter a value greater than or equal to five
>    minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   adjustments. In the :guilabel:`Execute Every` field, enter a value greater than or equal to five
   minutes.
```

.. example::
   The following is an example of a successful autocomplete of lead enrichment data:

   .. image:: lead_enrichment/lead-enrichment-data.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Chatter showing lead enrichment data.

Manually enrich leads
---------------------

If the :guilabel:`Enrich leads on demand only` option was selected when activating :guilabel:`Lead

> Enrichment`, then each lead that a user wishes to enrich, will need to be manually enriched. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enrichment`, each lead that a user wishes to enrich will need to be manually enriched. This
```

is achieved by clicking the :guilabel:`Enrich` button in the top menu of the lead.

The same information will be retrieved at the same :abbr:`IAP (In-App Puchase)` credit cost (one per
enrichment). This method of enrichment is useful when every lead does not need to be enriched or
cost is an issue.

.. image:: lead_enrichment/manual-enrichment.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Manual enrich button feature highlighted on the CRM lead.

.. tip::

>    Manually enrich leads in bulk using the *list* view. First navigate to user's CRM pipline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Manually enrich leads in bulk using the *list* view. First navigate to the user's *CRM* pipeline
```
Do you think CRM should be italicized here, since we're talking about the app? I can't decide, since CRM is also a widespread term. It's up to you

   (:menuselection: CRM app --> Sales --> My Pipeline`) and click the list view (:guilabel:`☰ (three
   horizontal lines)` icon). Next, tick the checkboxes for the leads that should be manually

>    enriched. Finally, go to the :guilabel:`⚙️ Actions` icon, and select :guilabel:`Enrich`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   enriched. Finally, click the :guilabel:`⚙️ Actions` icon, and select :guilabel:`Enrich`.
```

Pricing
=======

Lead enrichment is an *In-App Purchase* feature and each enriched lead costs one credit.

.. note::
   See here for full pricing information: `Lead Generation by Odoo IAP
   <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/in-app-services/273>`_.

> To buy credits, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM --> Configuration --> Settings`. In the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To buy credits, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration --> Settings`. In the
```

:guilabel:`Lead Generation` section, under the :guilabel:`Lead Enrichment` feature, click on
:guilabel:`Buy Credits`.

.. image:: lead_enrichment/buy-lead-enrichment-credits-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Buy credits from the lead enrichment settings.

> Credits and balances may also be purchased by navigating to the :menuselection:`Settings --> General

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Credits and balances may also be purchased by navigating to :menuselection:`Settings --> General
```

Settings`. In the :guilabel:`In-App Purchases` section, under the :guilabel:`Odoo IAP` feature,
click on :guilabel:`View My Services`.

.. image:: lead_enrichment/view-my-services-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Buy credits in the Odoo IAP settings.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`../../../essentials/in_app_purchase`
   .

> .. note::
>    When getting a company's contact information make sure to be aware of the latest EU regulation,
>    get more information about General Data Protection Regulation on `Odoo GDPR
>    <http://odoo.com/gdpr>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. important::
   When collecting a company's contact information, make sure to be aware of the latest EU regulations,
   get more information about General Data Protection Regulation on `Odoo GDPR
   <http://odoo.com/gdpr>`__.
```
Changed to an important because it has to do with data privacy :-)

   adjustments. In the :guilabel:`Execute Every` field, enter a value greater than or equal to five
   minutes.

.. example::
   The following is an example of a successful autocomplete of lead enrichment data:

   .. image:: lead_enrichment/lead-enrichment-data.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Chatter showing lead enrichment data.

Manually enrich leads
---------------------

If the :guilabel:`Enrich leads on demand only` option was selected when activating :guilabel:`Lead
Enrichment`, each lead that a user wishes to enrich will need to be manually enriched. This is
achieved by clicking the :guilabel:`Enrich` button in the top menu of the lead.

The same information will be retrieved at the same :abbr:`IAP (In-App Puchase)` credit cost (one per
enrichment). This method of enrichment is useful when every lead does not need to be enriched or
cost is an issue.

.. image:: lead_enrichment/manual-enrichment.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Manual enrich button feature highlighted on the CRM lead.

.. tip::
   Manually enrich leads in bulk using the *list* view. First navigate to the user's *CRM* pipeline

>    (:menuselection: CRM app --> Sales --> My Pipeline`) and click the list view (:guilabel:`☰ (three

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   (:menuselection: CRM app --> Sales --> My Pipeline`), and click the list view button (:guilabel:`☰ (three
```

   horizontal lines)` icon). Next, tick the checkboxes for the leads that should be manually

>    enriched. Finally, click the :guilabel:`⚙️ Actions` icon, and select :guilabel:`Enrich`.

Reviewer 2: While this is technically correct, you are instructing the reader to go to the main pipeline where leads *and* opportunities are...so, selecting and enriching them in this fashion from the 'My Pipeline' page *does* work, but its not specific to leads. So, that said, you may want to consider adding a mention about navigating to the Leads page first, and doing this process. Then, end the blurb/admonition by saying the same process can be achieved on the 'My Pipeline' page with leads *and* opportunities. That's just a suggestion, though -- what do you think?

>    enriched. Finally, click the :guilabel:`⚙️ Actions` icon, and select :guilabel:`Enrich`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   enriched. Finally, click the :guilabel:`⚙️ Action` icon, and select :guilabel:`Enrich` from the resulting drop-down menu.
```

Pricing
=======

> Lead enrichment is an *In-App Purchase* feature and each enriched lead costs one credit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lead enrichment is an *In-App Purchase* feature, and each enriched lead costs one credit.
```

.. note::
   See here for full pricing information: `Lead Generation by Odoo IAP
   <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/in-app-services/273>`_.

To buy credits, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration --> Settings`. In the
:guilabel:`Lead Generation` section, under the :guilabel:`Lead Enrichment` feature, click on
:guilabel:`Buy Credits`.

.. image:: lead_enrichment/buy-lead-enrichment-credits-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Buy credits from the lead enrichment settings.

> Credits and balances may also be purchased by navigating to :menuselection:`Settings --> General
> Settings`. In the :guilabel:`In-App Purchases` section, under the :guilabel:`Odoo IAP` feature,
> click on :guilabel:`View My Services`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Credits and balances may also be purchased by navigating to the :menuselection:`Settings app`. In the :guilabel:`Contacts` section, under the :guilabel:`Odoo IAP` feature,
click on :guilabel:`View My Services`.
```
This section appears as 'Contacts' in the 15.0 runbot I'm using for the review. Also, it is my understanding that, when the 'Settings' app is opened, it already reveals the 'General Settings' -- so I dont' believe it's necessary for readers to navigate any further once they open the application

===============
Lead enrichment
===============

> Lead enrichment is a service that provides business information for a contact attached to a lead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Lead enrichment* is a service that provides business information for a contact attached to a lead.
```
I'm suggesting italics here because it is, essentially, defining what 'lead enrichment' is...

Lead enrichment is an In-App Purchase (IAP) that requires credits to use, and is available for
existing leads in an Odoo database.

The information provided by lead enrichment can include general information about the business
(including full business name and logo), social media accounts, :guilabel:`Company type`,
:guilabel:`Founded` information, :guilabel:`Sectors` information, the number of
:guilabel:`Employees`, :guilabel:`Estimated revenue`, :guilabel:`Phone` number,
:guilabel:`Timezone`, and :guilabel:`Technologies Used`.

.. note::
   Enterprise Odoo users with a valid subscription get free credits to test :abbr:`IAP (In-App
   Purchase)` features before deciding to purchase more credits for the database. This includes
   demo/training databases, educational databases, and one-app-free databases.

.. important::
   The *leads* feature **must** be activated in the *CRM* settings page in order to use lead

>    enrichment. To access the settings navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   enrichment. To access the *CRM* settings, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration -->
```

>    Settings`. Under the :guilabel:`CRM` section activate the :guilabel:`Leads` options and click

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Settings`. Under the :guilabel:`CRM` section, activate the :guilabel:`Leads` option, and click
```

         leads on demand only chosen.

Enrich leads
============

Enrichment of leads is based on the domain of the email address of the customer set on the lead.
There are two different ways that a lead can be enriched: *automatically* or *manually*.

Automatically enrich leads
--------------------------

During set up, if :guilabel:`Enrich all leads automatically` was selected on the *CRM*
:guilabel:`Settings` page, then no action needs to be taken by the user to enrich the lead. A
scheduled action runs automatically, every sixty minutes, and enrichment occurs on leads, after a
remote database is contacted.

.. tip::
   To access the cron that runs for the automatic lead enrichment, activate :ref:`developer mode
   <developer-mode>`, and navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Technical menu --> Automation
   section --> Scheduled Actions`. In the :guilabel:`Search...` bar, type in `CRM`. Click into the
   result labeled :guilabel:`CRM: enrich leads (IAP)`, and make any necessary adjustments. In the
   :guilabel:`Execute Every` field, enter a value greater than, or equal to, five minutes.

.. example::

>    The following is an example of a successful autocomplete of lead enrichment data:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The following is an example of lead enrichment data that has been autocompleted successfully:
```
just cleaned up the wording here a bit to enhance its readability/flow

   .. image:: lead_enrichment/lead-enrichment-data.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Chatter showing lead enrichment data.

Manually enrich leads
---------------------

If the :guilabel:`Enrich leads on demand only` option was selected on the *CRM* :guilabel:`Settings`
page, when activating :guilabel:`Lead Enrichment`, each lead that a user wishes to enrich **must**
be manually enriched. This is achieved by clicking the :guilabel:`Enrich` button in the top menu of
the lead.

The same information will be retrieved at the same :abbr:`IAP (In-App Puchase)` credit cost (one per
enrichment). This method of enrichment is useful when every lead does not need to be enriched, or
cost is an issue.

.. image:: lead_enrichment/manual-enrichment.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Manual enrich button feature highlighted on the CRM lead.

.. tip::

>    Manually enrich leads in bulk using the *list* view. First navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Manually enrich leads in bulk using the *list* view. First, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app
```

   --> Leads`, and click the list view button (:guilabel:`☰ (three horizontal lines)` icon). Next,
   tick the checkboxes for the leads that should be manually enriched. Finally, click the
   :guilabel:`⚙️ Action` icon, and select :guilabel:`Enrich` from the resulting drop-down menu. This

>    can also be achieved from *My Pipeline*. To do so, open the *CRM* app or navigate to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   can also be achieved from the *My Pipeline* page. To do so, simply open the *CRM* app, or navigate to
```

>    :menuselection:`Sales --> My Pipeline`, this will open leads and opportunities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :menuselection:`CRM app --> Sales --> My Pipeline`. Either route reveals leads and opportunities on the :guilabel:`Pipeline` page.
```

Pricing
=======

> Lead enrichment is an *In-App Purchase* feature, and each enriched lead costs one credit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lead enrichment is an In-App Purchase (IAP) feature, and each enriched lead costs one credit.
```

.. note::
   See here for full pricing information: `Lead Generation by Odoo IAP
   <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/in-app-services/273>`_.

To buy credits, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration --> Settings`. In the
:guilabel:`Lead Generation` section, under the :guilabel:`Lead Enrichment` feature, click on
:guilabel:`Buy Credits`.

.. image:: lead_enrichment/buy-lead-enrichment-credits-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Buy credits from the lead enrichment settings.

Credits and balances may also be purchased by navigating to the :menuselection:`Settings app`. In
the :guilabel:`Contacts` section, under the :guilabel:`Odoo IAP` feature, click on :guilabel:`View
My Services`.

.. image:: lead_enrichment/view-my-services-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Buy credits in the Odoo IAP settings.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`../../../essentials/in_app_purchase`

.. important::
   When collecting a company's contact information, make sure to be aware of the latest EU

>    regulations, get more information about General Data Protection Regulation on `Odoo GDPR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   regulations. For more information about General Data Protection Regulation, refer to: `Odoo GDPR
```
